README.md, before:

# Man-Horse-Scripts
I plan for this to  be a repository of PowerShell scripts I have developed to shave milliseconds off of the time it takes me to do something at work.
They are all named for Horses who have raced in the Melbourne Cup.

## [Acrasia](./Acrasia/)
Edge Profile Managment and admin shortcuts.

## [Cross Counter](./CrossCounter/)
*Cross Counter* is for making fast changes to user profiles in a Microsoft 365 tenant with the MgGraph powershell module. 
At a glance:
 - Edit user profile information such as name/location/phone number/email etc.
 - Reset user passwords.
 - Edit users' M365 group memberships.
 - Make profile changes to *all* the users in a tenant at once.

## [HiJinx](./HiJinx/)
HiJinx rips account login data from Chromium browsers like Chrome and Edge.

## [Still in Development:](./Dev/)

#### **Alumandin**
A user off boarding script.

#### **Duais**
For creating new users/duplicating user information in a M365 tenant.

#### **Maluckyday**
Playing around with the Exchange Online module.

#### **Serpentine**
For making changes to groups in a Azure Active Directory tenant.

#### **Hyperno**
Detects and removes bloatware commonly found on Windows devices.

Commit message:

Major cleanup
Tightened up formatting on some scripts. Lots of very minor changes.
Big change to Hyperno. Big change to some Dev scripts that were going nowhere.

README.md, after:

# Man-Horse-Scripts
I plan for this to  be a repository of PowerShell scripts I have developed to shave milliseconds off of the time it takes me to do something at work.
They are all named for Horses who have raced in the Melbourne Cup.

## [Acrasia](./Acrasia/)
Edge Profile Managment and admin shortcuts.

## [Cross Counter](./CrossCounter/)
*Cross Counter* is for making fast changes to user profiles in a Microsoft 365 tenant with the MgGraph powershell module. 
At a glance:
 - Edit user profile information such as name/location/phone number/email etc.
 - Reset user passwords.
 - Edit users' M365 group memberships.
 - Make profile changes to *all* the users in a tenant at once.

## [HiJinx](./HiJinx/)
*HiJinx* rips account login data from Chromium browsers like Chrome and Edge.

## [Still in Development:](./Dev/)

#### **Alumandin**
A user off boarding script.

#### **Hyperno**
Detects and removes bloatware commonly found on Windows devices.

#### **Wotan**
Copies folders from Local App Data for quick backup/transfer.

### Template Scripts:
Scripts that are little more than Ascii art and the building blocks of my usual formatting.
#### **Duais**
#### **Maluckyday**
